README.md, before:

# Awesome Swing
A list of frameworks, libraries and software for the Java Swing GUI toolkit.

<!-- TABLE_START -->
Library | Description | License | Latest Version
--- | --- | --- | ---
[JUNG](http://jrtom.github.io/jung/) | Network/Graph framework | BSD 3-Clause | 2.1.1 / 7 September 2016
[JGraphX](https://github.com/jgraph/jgraphx) | Diagramming (graph visualisation) library | BSD | 4.2.2 / Oct 28, 2020
[Piccolo2D](https://github.com/piccolo2d/piccolo2d.java) | Graphical toolkit based on the Java2D API | Custom (free) | 3.0.1 / Jan 7, 2019
[XChart](http://knowm.org/open-source/xchart/) | Lightweight library for plotting data | Apache 2.0 | 3.8.7 / Jan 5, 2024
[JFreeChart](https://github.com/jfree/jfreechart/) | Client-side and server-side chart library | LGPL | 1.5.4 / Jan 8, 2023
[Orson Charts](http://www.object-refinery.com/orsoncharts/) | 3D chart library for Java | GPL-3.0/Commercial | 2.1.0 / Jan 23, 2022
[OrsonPDF](https://github.com/jfree/orsonpdf) | PDF generation library for Java | GPL-3.0/Commercial | 1.9.1 / Nov 6, 2022
[SmilePlot](https://github.com/haifengl/smile) | Data visualization library for Smile (Statistical Machine Intelligence & Learning Engine) | Apache 2.0 | 3.1.1 / May 22, 2024 
[RSyntaxTextArea](https://github.com/bobbylight/RSyntaxTextArea) | Customizable, syntax highlighting text component | Modified BSD | 3.5.1 / Jul 27, 2024 
[Flying Saucer](https://github.com/flyingsaucerproject/flyingsaucer) | XML/XHTML and CSS 2.1 renderer | LGPL | 9.9.0 / Jul 19, 2024 
[Lobo](https://sourceforge.net/projects/xamj/) / [LoboEvolution](https://github.com/LoboEvolution/LoboEvolution) | Lobo is an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform. | MIT/GPL | 4.0 / Sep 20, 2023 
[CSSBox](http://cssbox.sourceforge.net/) | (X)HTML/CSS rendering engine | LGPL | 5.0.0 / 31 Jan, 2021
[MigLayout](https://github.com/mikaelgrev/miglayout) | Powerful layout manager | BSD | 11.4 / Jul 04, 2024 
[MiG Calendar](http://www.migcalendar.com) | Calendar Component | Commercial | v6.9.3
[TableLayout](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/tablelayout) | Table-based layout for Java UI toolkits (incl. Swing) | ? | n/a
[jIconFont](http://jiconfont.github.io/swing) | API to provide icons generated by any IconFont | MIT | 1.0.1 / 20 Feb, 2016
[Layered Font Icons](https://github.com/mimoguz/layeredfonticon) | Allows to use font icons, optionally with multiple layers in one icon. | Apache 2.0 | 0.2.0 / 21 Feb, 2023
[OpenMap](http://openmap-java.org/) | Toolkit for building applications needing geographic information | [Custom](http://openmap-java.org/License.html) | 5.1.15 / December 9, 2016
[JXMapViewer2](https://github.com/msteiger/jxmapviewer2) | Geo map viewer | LGPL | 2.8 / Dec 27, 2023
[GeoTools gt-swing module](http://docs.geotools.org/stable/userguide/unsupported/swing/index.html) | Basic GUI and utility classes for GeoTools library | LGPL | 19.0 / 2018-03-19
[Batik](https://github.com/apache/batik) |  Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) toolkit from Apache | Apache 2.0 | 1.17 / Aug 14, 2023
[SVG Salamander](https://github.com/blackears/svgSalamander) | SVG Salamander is an SVG engine for Java | LGPL and BSD | v1.1.4 / Oct 6, 2022
[JFreeSVG](https://github.com/jfree/jfreesvg) | Java library for creating SVG output | GPL / Commercial| 5.0.6 / Jun 23, 2024 
[LGoodDatePicker](https://github.com/LGoodDatePicker/LGoodDatePicker) | Date Picker widget | MIT | 11.2.1 / Mar 1, 2021
[JDatePicker](https://github.com/JDatePicker/JDatePicker) | Date Picker widget | BSD | 1.3.4.1 / Jun 6, 2015
[JIDE](http://www.jidesoft.com/) |  UI frameworks and components | Commercial/Free | 3.7.1 / 5 October 2017
[yFiles](https://www.yworks.com/products/yfiles-for-java) |  UI controls for drawing, viewing, and editing diagrams & graphs. [Demos](https://github.com/yWorks/yfiles-for-java-swing-demos). | Commercial | 3.1 / 27 June 2017
[JxBrowser](https://www.teamdev.com/jxbrowser) | Chromium-based browser component | Commercial | 7.38.1 / April 12, 2024
[Timing Framework](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.java.timingframework/timingframework-swing/7.3.1) |  Time-based animations in Swing | Apache 2.0 | 7.3.1 / 12 February 2014
[SlidingLayout](https://github.com/AurelienRibon/sliding-layout) |  Little library lets you very easily create smooth transitions between two layouts of components in a special panel | Apache 2.0 | 1.1.1 / Sep 23, 2012
[WebLaF](https://github.com/mgarin/weblaf) | Look and Feel library | GPL / Commercial | v1.2.13 / Jun 19, 2020
[FlatLaf](https://www.formdev.com/flatlaf/) | Flat Look and Feel | Apache 2.0 | 3.4.1 / Mar 29, 2024
[Darklaf](https://github.com/weisJ/darklaf) | A themeable Swing Look and Feel | MIT | v3.0.2 / Sep 30, 2022
[Material Design L&F](https://github.com/vincenzopalazzo/material-ui-swing) | Material Design Look and Feel | MIT | v1.1.4 / Sep 13, 2022
[VTerminal](https://github.com/Valkryst/VTerminal) | Look-and-Feel which allows for the display of Unicode characters with custom fore/background colors, font sizes, and pseudo-shaders | Apache 2.0 | 2024.1.6 / Jan 6, 2024
[Radiance](https://github.com/kirill-grouchnikov/radiance) | Collection of Swing libraries (SVG icons, animation, skinning, additional components, etc.) | BSD 3-Clause | 7.5.0 / Jun 24, 2024 
[AssertJ Swing](http://joel-costigliola.github.io/assertj/assertj-swing.html) | Functional Swing UI testing | Apache 2.0 | 3.17.1 / Sep 19, 2020
[UISpec4J](https://github.com/UISpec4J/UISpec4J) | Functional and/or unit testing library for Swing-based applications | ? | 2.4 / Nov 26, 2011
[Automaton](https://github.com/renatoathaydes/Automaton) | Framework for testing of Swing and JavaFX2 applications | Apache 2.0 | 1.3.2 / Jan 27, 2016
[RxSwing](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxSwing) | RxJava bindings for Swing | Apache 2.0 | 0.27.0 / Sep 17, 2016
[Zircon](https://github.com/Hexworks/zircon) | Text GUI library (for game developers) | MIT | 2021.1.0 / Aug 31, 2021
[JGoodies](http://www.jgoodies.com/downloads/libraries/) | Libraries: Animation, Binding, Common, Forms, Looks, and Validation | Commercial | 10 Oct, 2017
[Glazed Lists](https://github.com/glazedlists/glazedlists) | Implementation of List suitable for using as data model for Swing components | LGPL/MPL | 1.11.0 / Sep 9, 2023
[FriceEngine](https://github.com/icela/FriceEngine) | JVM game engine based on Swing/JavaFX | Affero GPL | v1.8.5 / Aug 7, 2018
[SystemTray](https://github.com/dorkbox/SystemTray) | Cross-platform SystemTray support for Swing/AWT | Apache 2.0 | 4.4 / Aug 21, 2023
[gritty](https://code.google.com/archive/p/gritty/) | Swing terminal widget  | LGPL | 0.02 / Apr 17, 2007
[DragonConsole](https://github.com/bbuck/DragonConsole) | Terminal emulator | MIT | n/a
[ApkToolBoxGUI](https://github.com/jiangxincode/ApkToolBoxGUI) | APKToolBoxGUI is a handy tool for programmer with user-friendly Swing GUI | Apache 2.0 | v1.0.4 / Sep 1, 2024
[JediTerm](https://github.com/JetBrains/jediterm) | Terminal widget that can be easily embedded into an IDE | LGPLv3 and Apache 2.0 | [v2.42](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jetbrains.jediterm/jediterm-pty/2.42) / Mar 19, 2021
[swing-console](https://github.com/mikera/swing-console) |  Text console component | [LGPL](https://github.com/mikera/swing-console/issues/3) | 0.1.2 / Mar 14, 2013
[IntelliJ IDEA CE](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community) | Source code of IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition | Apache 2.0 |
[Lanterna](https://github.com/mabe02/lanterna) | Java library for creating text-based GUIs  | LGPL-3.0 | 3.1.2 / Feb 04, 2024
[Griffon](http://griffon-framework.org/) | Desktop application development platform  | Apache 2.0 | 2.16.0 / Dec 17, 2021
[jGAF](https://github.com/pgdurand/jGAF) | Generic Swing Application Framework  | Apache 2.0 | v2.4.2 / Mar 10, 2023
[CUF](http://cuf.sourceforge.net/) | Utility library and application framework for building GUI applications in Swing (and JavaFX/.Net)  | Apache 2.0 | v.2.0.8 / 2017-03-06
[FlexGantt](https://dlsc.com/products/flexgantt/) | Gantt charting framework  | Commercial | 2.1.0
[Synthetica L&F](http://www.jyloo.com/) |  Swing Look & Feel with addons  | Commercial | 3.1 / 11 Jul. 2018
[Foxtrot](http://foxtrot.sourceforge.net) | Synchronous Swing worker  | BSD | 4.0 / 2011-11-05
[Terminal Components](https://www.sshtools.com/en/products/terminal) | Implementations of a standard ANSI/VT terminal  | GPL/Commercial | 2.1.3 / Sep 22, 2016
[Correlation-Matrix-K](https://github.com/Earnix/correlation-matrix-k) | Сorrelation matrix component  | Apache 2.0 | 1.0.1 / Dec 18, 2018
[SwiXml](https://github.com/swixml/Two) | XML-to-GUI generating engine   | [Custom](https://github.com/swixml/Two/blob/master/license.txt) | 2.4 / Dec 28, 2014
[JClass DesktopViews](https://support.quest.com/jclass-desktopviews/6.5.2) | Various Swing components incl. 2D and 3D charts | Commercial | 6.5.2
[JWrapper](https://www.jwrapper.com) | Native installer (and more) for Java apps | Commercial | 11 April 2018
[jaret timebars](http://jaret.de/timebars/index.html) | Timeline/Gantt chart-like component | GPL/Commercial | 1.49 / Sep 17, 2013
[fontchooser](https://gitlab.com/dheid/fontchooser) | Component to choose a font according to the list of available font families, styles and sizes | GNU LGPLv3 | 2.4
[JTouchBar](https://github.com/Thizzer/jtouchbar) | Library for using the touchbar API on supported macbooks. | MIT | 1.0.0 / Jan 22, 2019
[JnaFileChooser](https://github.com/steos/jnafilechooser) |  File chooser that uses the Windows native dialogs if possible. | Custom (Open Source) | 1.1.2 / Aug 14, 2024 
[Jexer](https://gitlab.com/klamonte/jexer) |  Java Text User Interface library | MIT | 1.5.0 / December 30, 2021
[JViews](https://www.roguewave.com/products-services/visualization/jviews) |  UI Components | Commercial | 2017
[JSplitButton](https://github.com/rhwood/jsplitbutton) | A split button control | Apache 2.0 | 2.0.0 / May 27, 2024 
[UiBooster](https://github.com/Milchreis/UiBooster) | Fast and easy dialogs for utility tools | GPL-3.0 | 1.21.1 / Jun 30, 2024 
[Java Swing Tips](https://github.com/aterai/java-swing-tips) | Java Swing examples | MIT |
[JTreeTable](https://github.com/javagl/JTreeTable) | Sun's JTreeTable Component | ["As is"](https://github.com/javagl/JTreeTable/blob/master/LICENSE) | 0.0.2 / Dec 1, 2022
[swing-fx-properties](https://github.com/parubok/swing-fx-properties) | Adaptation of JavaFX properties for Swing (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | [GPL v2 with CE](http://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html) | v1.25 / Jan 4, 2024
[SwingX, salvaged](https://github.com/arotenberg/swingx) |  A copy of the source code for the [SwingX library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SwingLabs) | LGPL | v1.6.6 / Dec 25, 2017
[Swing Components](http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-Components/CatalogSwing-Components.htm) | Catalog of Swing components | |
[KControls](https://github.com/k33ptoo/KControls) | Components to beautify user interfaces and give UI’s a modern look | Apache 2.0 |
[SwingSpy](https://github.com/igr/swingspy) | Component tree visualizer for Swing UI debugging | MIT |
[SyntaxPane](https://github.com/Sciss/SyntaxPane) | JEditorKit component supporting syntax highlighting for various languages | Apache 2.0 | v1.2.0 / Dec 10, 2018
[Text-IO](https://github.com/beryx/text-io) | Library for creating Java console applications (provides Swing terminal). | Apache 2.0 | 3.4.1 / Apr 17, 2020
[SwingBits](https://github.com/eugener/oxbow) | Swing UI Enhacements | BSD-3-Clause License | 1.3.0 / Apr 17, 2023
[scala-swing](https://github.com/scala/scala-swing) | UI library that wraps most of Java Swing for Scala | Apache 2.0 | v3.0.0#3.0.0 / Nov 11, 2020
[TwelveMonkeys](https://github.com/haraldk/TwelveMonkeys) | Collection of plugins and extensions for Java's ImageIO | BSD-3-Clause | 3.11.0 / Jun 08, 2024 
[AWT Color Factory](https://github.com/beryx/awt-color-factory) | Easily create `java.awt.Color` from string | GPL v2 with CE | v1.0.2 / Aug 2, 2020
[The Snake](https://github.com/hexadeciman/Snake) | A simple snake game | MIT |
[BatBat Game](https://github.com/tonikolaba/BatBat-Game) | BatBat is an easy and free Maven Java game run in Spring Boot | MIT | 2.5 / Jun 16, 2020
[file-manager](https://github.com/javadev/file-manager) | Basic File Manager | MIT | 1.0 / Aug 6, 2015
[Pumpernickel Project](https://mickleness.github.io/pumpernickel/) | Swing components and other related code (see [demo](https://github.com/mickleness/pumpernickel/raw/master/release/jars/Pumpernickel.jar)) | MIT |
[Spring Boot Swing Reservations](https://github.com/DanielMichalski/spring-boot-swing-reservations) | Spring Boot + JPA/Hibernate Swing application | MIT | 1.0 / Aug 1, 2020
[NetBeans Platform](https://netbeans.org/features/platform/) | Generic framework for Swing applications | [CDDL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Development_and_Distribution_License) &  GPL v2 with CE | 12.0 LTS / June 4, 2020
[Cypher Notepad](https://github.com/Cypher-Notepad/Cypher-Notepad) | Plain-text (.txt) editor for file encryption | GPL-3.0 | v3.0 / Sep 28, 2020
[JPass](https://github.com/gaborbata/jpass) | Password manager application with strong encryption (AES-256) | ["As is"](https://github.com/gaborbata/jpass/blob/master/LICENSE) | 1.0.6 / Apr 22, 2024 
[Passwørd Safe](https://github.com/andy-goryachev/PasswordSafe) | A simple, secure password storage tool which allows you to keep all your passwords in one encrypted file | Apache 2.0 | Jul 21, 2019
[jEdit](http://www.jedit.org/) | Programmer's text editor | GPL 2.0 | 5.6.0 / Sep 03, 2020
[Apache JMeter](https://github.com/apache/jmeter) | Java application designed to measure performance and load test applications | Apache 2.0 | v5.6.3 / Jan 9, 2024
[Calculator](https://github.com/HouariZegai/Calculator) | Very basic calculator application | MIT | v0.1 / Feb 24, 2021
[GC4S](https://github.com/sing-group/GC4S) | Bioinformatics-oriented collection of GUI Components | LGPLv3 | v1.6.0 / Sep 4, 2020
[ChuckooChess](https://github.com/sauce-code/cuckoo) | Adaptation of Peter Österlund's CuckooChess | GPL v3 | v1.12 / Jul 30, 2017
[icon-generator](https://github.com/sshtools/icon-generator) | A simple library for generating icons in Java | Apache 2.0 | v1.2 / Oct 14, 2020
[Swing Library](https://github.com/oliverwatkins/swing_library) | This library contains a number of advanced components and layout managers the Java Swing framework is missing | MIT |
[projector-server](https://github.com/JetBrains/projector-server) | Server-side library for running Swing applications remotely | GPL-2.0 | v1.8.1 / May 27, 2022
[FScape](https://github.com/Sciss/FScape) | Standalone, cross-platform audio rendering software | GPL-3.0 | v1.8.1 / Jun 1, 2021
[ScalaInterpreterPane](https://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane) | Swing component for editing code in the Scala programming language and executing it in an interpreter | LGPL-2.1 | v1.11.0 / Nov 12, 2020
[jExifToolGUI](https://github.com/hvdwolf/jExifToolGUI) | Graphical frontend for the command-line ExifTool application | GPL-3.0 | 2.0.2 / Mar 18, 2023
[Rest API Testing](https://github.com/supanadit/restsuite) | Open Source Rest API Testing | Apache 2.0 | 1.0.0 / Jul 29, 2020
[Jython Swing Utilities](https://github.com/jython/swingutils) | A collection of utility classes and helper functions to make it easier to build Swing user interfaces with [Jython](https://github.com/jython/jython) | ? | 2.1.2 / Aug 7, 2015
[jZELD](https://github.com/kkieffer/jZELD) |  Framework for layout and emplacement of various drawn shapes on a canvas | LGPL-3.0 |
[swing-extensions](https://jonestimd.github.io/swing-extensions/) |  Custom components for Java Swing | MIT | 1.4 / Nov 24, 2019
[OpenWebStart](https://github.com/karakun/OpenWebStart) | Run Web Start based applications after the release of Java 11 | GPLv2 with exceptions / Commercial | 1.10.1 / Jun 13, 2024 
[FutureRestore GUI](https://github.com/CoocooFroggy/FutureRestore-GUI) | A cross-platform interface for FutureRestore, written in Java with Swing | LGPL-2.1 | v1.98.3 / Dec 18, 2022
[JInputValidator](https://github.com/rhwood/jinputvalidator) | An InputVerifier that shows validation state to the right of the validating component | Apache 2.0 | 0.9.0 / Apr 27, 2022
[swing-stream-utils](https://github.com/parubok/swing-stream-utils) | Utils for working with Java Swing components via Java 8 streams (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | Apache 2.0 | v1.37 / Apr 29, 2023
[jSystemThemeDetector](https://github.com/Dansoftowner/jSystemThemeDetector) | Java library for detecting that the (desktop) operating system uses dark UI theme or not | Apache 2.0 | 3.9.1 / Apr 10, 2024
[PanelMatic](https://github.com/codeworth-gh/PanelMatic) | A Java Swing library for making high-quality complex layouts easy | MIT | 0.9.9 / Aug 23, 2021
[MIME Browser](https://kynosarges.org/MimeBrowser.html) | Java Swing desktop application for browsing MIME messages that are locally stored in standard EML files | MIT | 2.1.0 / May 29, 2021
[Android Tool](https://github.com/fast-geek/Android-Tool) | Powerful and beautiful program, created to make popular adb and fastboot commands easier to use | Apache 2.0 | v2.0.2 / Dec 24, 2021
[SecresOS](https://github.com/PranavAmarnath/SecresOS) | Lightweight UI for quick interaction with the system and Internet | Apache 2.0 | 1.3 / Jun 13, 2022
[BinEd](https://bined.exbin.org/) | Binary/hexadecimal viewer/editor and component | Apache 2.0 | 0.2.1 / Oct. 31, 2021
[SpringRemote](https://github.com/HaleyWang/SpringRemote) | Tabbed remote linux SSH connections manager | MIT | 0.1.9 / Jun 12, 2022
[MooInfo](https://github.com/rememberber/MooInfo) | Visual implementation of OSHI, to view information about the system and hardware | MIT | 1.1.3 / Jul 24, 2023
[TreeLayout](http://treelayout.sourceforge.net/) | Tree Layout Algorithm in Java | BSD-3-Clause | 1.0.3 / Nov 05, 2015
[Color Picker Dialog](https://github.com/dheid/colorpicker) | Color picker that contains visual color selection and input boxes to enter RGB and HSB values manually | BSD-3-Clause | 2.0.1 / Apr 19, 2024 
[Flamegraph/Iciclegraph](https://github.com/bric3/fireplace) | [Flamegraph](https://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2927301) / Iciclegraph component | MPL-2.0 | v0.0.1-rc.4 / Jan 6, 2023
[multiline-label](https://github.com/parubok/multiline-label) | Component to display a plain, left-to-right text (single line or multiline) (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | Apache 2.0 | 1.20 / Feb 10, 2024
[Sierra](https://github.com/HTTP-RPC/Sierra) | Framework for simplifying development of Java Swing applications | Apache 2.0 | 2.3 / Aug 14, 2024 
[Modern Docking](https://github.com/andrewauclair/ModernDocking) | Modern docking framework for Java Swing | MIT | 0.11.6 / Jul 06, 2024 
[Rawky](https://github.com/DeflatedPickle/Rawky) | A pixel art editor | MIT | v0.19.5.15-alpha / Apr 6, 20201
[ReflectionUI](https://github.com/dotxyteam/ReflectionUI) | Java reflection-based GUI builder/generator | MIT | 5.2.10 / Jun 19, 2023
<!-- TABLE_END -->

Commit message:

Add Swingland and Buoy entries

README.md, after:

# Awesome Swing
A list of frameworks, libraries and software for the Java Swing GUI toolkit.

<!-- TABLE_START -->
Library | Description | License | Latest Version
--- | --- | --- | ---
[JUNG](http://jrtom.github.io/jung/) | Network/Graph framework | BSD 3-Clause | 2.1.1 / 7 September 2016
[JGraphX](https://github.com/jgraph/jgraphx) | Diagramming (graph visualisation) library | BSD | 4.2.2 / Oct 28, 2020
[Piccolo2D](https://github.com/piccolo2d/piccolo2d.java) | Graphical toolkit based on the Java2D API | Custom (free) | 3.0.1 / Jan 7, 2019
[XChart](http://knowm.org/open-source/xchart/) | Lightweight library for plotting data | Apache 2.0 | 3.8.7 / Jan 5, 2024
[JFreeChart](https://github.com/jfree/jfreechart/) | Client-side and server-side chart library | LGPL | 1.5.4 / Jan 8, 2023
[Orson Charts](http://www.object-refinery.com/orsoncharts/) | 3D chart library for Java | GPL-3.0/Commercial | 2.1.0 / Jan 23, 2022
[OrsonPDF](https://github.com/jfree/orsonpdf) | PDF generation library for Java | GPL-3.0/Commercial | 1.9.1 / Nov 6, 2022
[SmilePlot](https://github.com/haifengl/smile) | Data visualization library for Smile (Statistical Machine Intelligence & Learning Engine) | Apache 2.0 | 3.1.1 / May 22, 2024 
[RSyntaxTextArea](https://github.com/bobbylight/RSyntaxTextArea) | Customizable, syntax highlighting text component | Modified BSD | 3.5.1 / Jul 27, 2024 
[Flying Saucer](https://github.com/flyingsaucerproject/flyingsaucer) | XML/XHTML and CSS 2.1 renderer | LGPL | 9.9.0 / Jul 19, 2024 
[Lobo](https://sourceforge.net/projects/xamj/) / [LoboEvolution](https://github.com/LoboEvolution/LoboEvolution) | Lobo is an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform. | MIT/GPL | 4.0 / Sep 20, 2023 
[CSSBox](http://cssbox.sourceforge.net/) | (X)HTML/CSS rendering engine | LGPL | 5.0.0 / 31 Jan, 2021
[MigLayout](https://github.com/mikaelgrev/miglayout) | Powerful layout manager | BSD | 11.4 / Jul 04, 2024 
[MiG Calendar](http://www.migcalendar.com) | Calendar Component | Commercial | v6.9.3
[TableLayout](https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/tablelayout) | Table-based layout for Java UI toolkits (incl. Swing) | ? | n/a
[jIconFont](http://jiconfont.github.io/swing) | API to provide icons generated by any IconFont | MIT | 1.0.1 / 20 Feb, 2016
[Layered Font Icons](https://github.com/mimoguz/layeredfonticon) | Allows to use font icons, optionally with multiple layers in one icon. | Apache 2.0 | 0.2.0 / 21 Feb, 2023
[OpenMap](http://openmap-java.org/) | Toolkit for building applications needing geographic information | [Custom](http://openmap-java.org/License.html) | 5.1.15 / December 9, 2016
[JXMapViewer2](https://github.com/msteiger/jxmapviewer2) | Geo map viewer | LGPL | 2.8 / Dec 27, 2023
[GeoTools gt-swing module](http://docs.geotools.org/stable/userguide/unsupported/swing/index.html) | Basic GUI and utility classes for GeoTools library | LGPL | 19.0 / 2018-03-19
[Batik](https://github.com/apache/batik) |  Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) toolkit from Apache | Apache 2.0 | 1.17 / Aug 14, 2023
[SVG Salamander](https://github.com/blackears/svgSalamander) | SVG Salamander is an SVG engine for Java | LGPL and BSD | v1.1.4 / Oct 6, 2022
[JFreeSVG](https://github.com/jfree/jfreesvg) | Java library for creating SVG output | GPL / Commercial| 5.0.6 / Jun 23, 2024 
[LGoodDatePicker](https://github.com/LGoodDatePicker/LGoodDatePicker) | Date Picker widget | MIT | 11.2.1 / Mar 1, 2021
[JDatePicker](https://github.com/JDatePicker/JDatePicker) | Date Picker widget | BSD | 1.3.4.1 / Jun 6, 2015
[JIDE](http://www.jidesoft.com/) |  UI frameworks and components | Commercial/Free | 3.7.1 / 5 October 2017
[yFiles](https://www.yworks.com/products/yfiles-for-java) |  UI controls for drawing, viewing, and editing diagrams & graphs. [Demos](https://github.com/yWorks/yfiles-for-java-swing-demos). | Commercial | 3.1 / 27 June 2017
[JxBrowser](https://www.teamdev.com/jxbrowser) | Chromium-based browser component | Commercial | 7.38.1 / April 12, 2024
[Timing Framework](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/net.java.timingframework/timingframework-swing/7.3.1) |  Time-based animations in Swing | Apache 2.0 | 7.3.1 / 12 February 2014
[SlidingLayout](https://github.com/AurelienRibon/sliding-layout) |  Little library lets you very easily create smooth transitions between two layouts of components in a special panel | Apache 2.0 | 1.1.1 / Sep 23, 2012
[WebLaF](https://github.com/mgarin/weblaf) | Look and Feel library | GPL / Commercial | v1.2.13 / Jun 19, 2020
[FlatLaf](https://www.formdev.com/flatlaf/) | Flat Look and Feel | Apache 2.0 | 3.4.1 / Mar 29, 2024
[Darklaf](https://github.com/weisJ/darklaf) | A themeable Swing Look and Feel | MIT | v3.0.2 / Sep 30, 2022
[Material Design L&F](https://github.com/vincenzopalazzo/material-ui-swing) | Material Design Look and Feel | MIT | v1.1.4 / Sep 13, 2022
[VTerminal](https://github.com/Valkryst/VTerminal) | Look-and-Feel which allows for the display of Unicode characters with custom fore/background colors, font sizes, and pseudo-shaders | Apache 2.0 | 2024.1.6 / Jan 6, 2024
[Radiance](https://github.com/kirill-grouchnikov/radiance) | Collection of Swing libraries (SVG icons, animation, skinning, additional components, etc.) | BSD 3-Clause | 7.5.0 / Jun 24, 2024 
[AssertJ Swing](http://joel-costigliola.github.io/assertj/assertj-swing.html) | Functional Swing UI testing | Apache 2.0 | 3.17.1 / Sep 19, 2020
[UISpec4J](https://github.com/UISpec4J/UISpec4J) | Functional and/or unit testing library for Swing-based applications | ? | 2.4 / Nov 26, 2011
[Automaton](https://github.com/renatoathaydes/Automaton) | Framework for testing of Swing and JavaFX2 applications | Apache 2.0 | 1.3.2 / Jan 27, 2016
[RxSwing](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxSwing) | RxJava bindings for Swing | Apache 2.0 | 0.27.0 / Sep 17, 2016
[Zircon](https://github.com/Hexworks/zircon) | Text GUI library (for game developers) | MIT | 2021.1.0 / Aug 31, 2021
[JGoodies](http://www.jgoodies.com/downloads/libraries/) | Libraries: Animation, Binding, Common, Forms, Looks, and Validation | Commercial | 10 Oct, 2017
[Glazed Lists](https://github.com/glazedlists/glazedlists) | Implementation of List suitable for using as data model for Swing components | LGPL/MPL | 1.11.0 / Sep 9, 2023
[FriceEngine](https://github.com/icela/FriceEngine) | JVM game engine based on Swing/JavaFX | Affero GPL | v1.8.5 / Aug 7, 2018
[SystemTray](https://github.com/dorkbox/SystemTray) | Cross-platform SystemTray support for Swing/AWT | Apache 2.0 | 4.4 / Aug 21, 2023
[gritty](https://code.google.com/archive/p/gritty/) | Swing terminal widget  | LGPL | 0.02 / Apr 17, 2007
[DragonConsole](https://github.com/bbuck/DragonConsole) | Terminal emulator | MIT | n/a
[ApkToolBoxGUI](https://github.com/jiangxincode/ApkToolBoxGUI) | APKToolBoxGUI is a handy tool for programmer with user-friendly Swing GUI | Apache 2.0 | v1.0.4 / Sep 1, 2024
[JediTerm](https://github.com/JetBrains/jediterm) | Terminal widget that can be easily embedded into an IDE | LGPLv3 and Apache 2.0 | [v2.42](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.jetbrains.jediterm/jediterm-pty/2.42) / Mar 19, 2021
[swing-console](https://github.com/mikera/swing-console) |  Text console component | [LGPL](https://github.com/mikera/swing-console/issues/3) | 0.1.2 / Mar 14, 2013
[IntelliJ IDEA CE](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community) | Source code of IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition | Apache 2.0 |
[Lanterna](https://github.com/mabe02/lanterna) | Java library for creating text-based GUIs  | LGPL-3.0 | 3.1.2 / Feb 04, 2024
[Griffon](http://griffon-framework.org/) | Desktop application development platform  | Apache 2.0 | 2.16.0 / Dec 17, 2021
[jGAF](https://github.com/pgdurand/jGAF) | Generic Swing Application Framework  | Apache 2.0 | v2.4.2 / Mar 10, 2023
[CUF](http://cuf.sourceforge.net/) | Utility library and application framework for building GUI applications in Swing (and JavaFX/.Net)  | Apache 2.0 | v.2.0.8 / 2017-03-06
[FlexGantt](https://dlsc.com/products/flexgantt/) | Gantt charting framework  | Commercial | 2.1.0
[Synthetica L&F](http://www.jyloo.com/) |  Swing Look & Feel with addons  | Commercial | 3.1 / 11 Jul. 2018
[Foxtrot](http://foxtrot.sourceforge.net) | Synchronous Swing worker  | BSD | 4.0 / 2011-11-05
[Terminal Components](https://www.sshtools.com/en/products/terminal) | Implementations of a standard ANSI/VT terminal  | GPL/Commercial | 2.1.3 / Sep 22, 2016
[Correlation-Matrix-K](https://github.com/Earnix/correlation-matrix-k) | Сorrelation matrix component  | Apache 2.0 | 1.0.1 / Dec 18, 2018
[SwiXml](https://github.com/swixml/Two) | XML-to-GUI generating engine   | [Custom](https://github.com/swixml/Two/blob/master/license.txt) | 2.4 / Dec 28, 2014
[JClass DesktopViews](https://support.quest.com/jclass-desktopviews/6.5.2) | Various Swing components incl. 2D and 3D charts | Commercial | 6.5.2
[JWrapper](https://www.jwrapper.com) | Native installer (and more) for Java apps | Commercial | 11 April 2018
[jaret timebars](http://jaret.de/timebars/index.html) | Timeline/Gantt chart-like component | GPL/Commercial | 1.49 / Sep 17, 2013
[fontchooser](https://gitlab.com/dheid/fontchooser) | Component to choose a font according to the list of available font families, styles and sizes | GNU LGPLv3 | 2.4
[JTouchBar](https://github.com/Thizzer/jtouchbar) | Library for using the touchbar API on supported macbooks. | MIT | 1.0.0 / Jan 22, 2019
[JnaFileChooser](https://github.com/steos/jnafilechooser) |  File chooser that uses the Windows native dialogs if possible. | Custom (Open Source) | 1.1.2 / Aug 14, 2024 
[Jexer](https://gitlab.com/klamonte/jexer) |  Java Text User Interface library | MIT | 1.5.0 / December 30, 2021
[JViews](https://www.roguewave.com/products-services/visualization/jviews) |  UI Components | Commercial | 2017
[JSplitButton](https://github.com/rhwood/jsplitbutton) | A split button control | Apache 2.0 | 2.0.0 / May 27, 2024 
[UiBooster](https://github.com/Milchreis/UiBooster) | Fast and easy dialogs for utility tools | GPL-3.0 | 1.21.1 / Jun 30, 2024 
[Java Swing Tips](https://github.com/aterai/java-swing-tips) | Java Swing examples | MIT |
[JTreeTable](https://github.com/javagl/JTreeTable) | Sun's JTreeTable Component | ["As is"](https://github.com/javagl/JTreeTable/blob/master/LICENSE) | 0.0.2 / Dec 1, 2022
[swing-fx-properties](https://github.com/parubok/swing-fx-properties) | Adaptation of JavaFX properties for Swing (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | [GPL v2 with CE](http://openjdk.java.net/legal/gplv2+ce.html) | v1.25 / Jan 4, 2024
[SwingX, salvaged](https://github.com/arotenberg/swingx) |  A copy of the source code for the [SwingX library](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SwingLabs) | LGPL | v1.6.6 / Dec 25, 2017
[Swing Components](http://www.java2s.com/Code/Java/Swing-Components/CatalogSwing-Components.htm) | Catalog of Swing components | |
[KControls](https://github.com/k33ptoo/KControls) | Components to beautify user interfaces and give UI’s a modern look | Apache 2.0 |
[SwingSpy](https://github.com/igr/swingspy) | Component tree visualizer for Swing UI debugging | MIT |
[SyntaxPane](https://github.com/Sciss/SyntaxPane) | JEditorKit component supporting syntax highlighting for various languages | Apache 2.0 | v1.2.0 / Dec 10, 2018
[Text-IO](https://github.com/beryx/text-io) | Library for creating Java console applications (provides Swing terminal). | Apache 2.0 | 3.4.1 / Apr 17, 2020
[SwingBits](https://github.com/eugener/oxbow) | Swing UI Enhacements | BSD-3-Clause License | 1.3.0 / Apr 17, 2023
[scala-swing](https://github.com/scala/scala-swing) | UI library that wraps most of Java Swing for Scala | Apache 2.0 | v3.0.0#3.0.0 / Nov 11, 2020
[TwelveMonkeys](https://github.com/haraldk/TwelveMonkeys) | Collection of plugins and extensions for Java's ImageIO | BSD-3-Clause | 3.11.0 / Jun 08, 2024 
[AWT Color Factory](https://github.com/beryx/awt-color-factory) | Easily create `java.awt.Color` from string | GPL v2 with CE | v1.0.2 / Aug 2, 2020
[The Snake](https://github.com/hexadeciman/Snake) | A simple snake game | MIT |
[BatBat Game](https://github.com/tonikolaba/BatBat-Game) | BatBat is an easy and free Maven Java game run in Spring Boot | MIT | 2.5 / Jun 16, 2020
[file-manager](https://github.com/javadev/file-manager) | Basic File Manager | MIT | 1.0 / Aug 6, 2015
[Pumpernickel Project](https://mickleness.github.io/pumpernickel/) | Swing components and other related code (see [demo](https://github.com/mickleness/pumpernickel/raw/master/release/jars/Pumpernickel.jar)) | MIT |
[Spring Boot Swing Reservations](https://github.com/DanielMichalski/spring-boot-swing-reservations) | Spring Boot + JPA/Hibernate Swing application | MIT | 1.0 / Aug 1, 2020
[NetBeans Platform](https://netbeans.org/features/platform/) | Generic framework for Swing applications | [CDDL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Development_and_Distribution_License) &  GPL v2 with CE | 12.0 LTS / June 4, 2020
[Cypher Notepad](https://github.com/Cypher-Notepad/Cypher-Notepad) | Plain-text (.txt) editor for file encryption | GPL-3.0 | v3.0 / Sep 28, 2020
[JPass](https://github.com/gaborbata/jpass) | Password manager application with strong encryption (AES-256) | ["As is"](https://github.com/gaborbata/jpass/blob/master/LICENSE) | 1.0.6 / Apr 22, 2024 
[Passwørd Safe](https://github.com/andy-goryachev/PasswordSafe) | A simple, secure password storage tool which allows you to keep all your passwords in one encrypted file | Apache 2.0 | Jul 21, 2019
[jEdit](http://www.jedit.org/) | Programmer's text editor | GPL 2.0 | 5.6.0 / Sep 03, 2020
[Apache JMeter](https://github.com/apache/jmeter) | Java application designed to measure performance and load test applications | Apache 2.0 | v5.6.3 / Jan 9, 2024
[Calculator](https://github.com/HouariZegai/Calculator) | Very basic calculator application | MIT | v0.1 / Feb 24, 2021
[GC4S](https://github.com/sing-group/GC4S) | Bioinformatics-oriented collection of GUI Components | LGPLv3 | v1.6.0 / Sep 4, 2020
[ChuckooChess](https://github.com/sauce-code/cuckoo) | Adaptation of Peter Österlund's CuckooChess | GPL v3 | v1.12 / Jul 30, 2017
[icon-generator](https://github.com/sshtools/icon-generator) | A simple library for generating icons in Java | Apache 2.0 | v1.2 / Oct 14, 2020
[Swing Library](https://github.com/oliverwatkins/swing_library) | This library contains a number of advanced components and layout managers the Java Swing framework is missing | MIT |
[projector-server](https://github.com/JetBrains/projector-server) | Server-side library for running Swing applications remotely | GPL-2.0 | v1.8.1 / May 27, 2022
[FScape](https://github.com/Sciss/FScape) | Standalone, cross-platform audio rendering software | GPL-3.0 | v1.8.1 / Jun 1, 2021
[ScalaInterpreterPane](https://github.com/Sciss/ScalaInterpreterPane) | Swing component for editing code in the Scala programming language and executing it in an interpreter | LGPL-2.1 | v1.11.0 / Nov 12, 2020
[jExifToolGUI](https://github.com/hvdwolf/jExifToolGUI) | Graphical frontend for the command-line ExifTool application | GPL-3.0 | 2.0.2 / Mar 18, 2023
[Rest API Testing](https://github.com/supanadit/restsuite) | Open Source Rest API Testing | Apache 2.0 | 1.0.0 / Jul 29, 2020
[Jython Swing Utilities](https://github.com/jython/swingutils) | A collection of utility classes and helper functions to make it easier to build Swing user interfaces with [Jython](https://github.com/jython/jython) | ? | 2.1.2 / Aug 7, 2015
[jZELD](https://github.com/kkieffer/jZELD) |  Framework for layout and emplacement of various drawn shapes on a canvas | LGPL-3.0 |
[swing-extensions](https://jonestimd.github.io/swing-extensions/) |  Custom components for Java Swing | MIT | 1.4 / Nov 24, 2019
[OpenWebStart](https://github.com/karakun/OpenWebStart) | Run Web Start based applications after the release of Java 11 | GPLv2 with exceptions / Commercial | 1.10.1 / Jun 13, 2024 
[FutureRestore GUI](https://github.com/CoocooFroggy/FutureRestore-GUI) | A cross-platform interface for FutureRestore, written in Java with Swing | LGPL-2.1 | v1.98.3 / Dec 18, 2022
[JInputValidator](https://github.com/rhwood/jinputvalidator) | An InputVerifier that shows validation state to the right of the validating component | Apache 2.0 | 0.9.0 / Apr 27, 2022
[swing-stream-utils](https://github.com/parubok/swing-stream-utils) | Utils for working with Java Swing components via Java 8 streams (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | Apache 2.0 | v1.37 / Apr 29, 2023
[jSystemThemeDetector](https://github.com/Dansoftowner/jSystemThemeDetector) | Java library for detecting that the (desktop) operating system uses dark UI theme or not | Apache 2.0 | 3.9.1 / Apr 10, 2024
[PanelMatic](https://github.com/codeworth-gh/PanelMatic) | A Java Swing library for making high-quality complex layouts easy | MIT | 0.9.9 / Aug 23, 2021
[MIME Browser](https://kynosarges.org/MimeBrowser.html) | Java Swing desktop application for browsing MIME messages that are locally stored in standard EML files | MIT | 2.1.0 / May 29, 2021
[Android Tool](https://github.com/fast-geek/Android-Tool) | Powerful and beautiful program, created to make popular adb and fastboot commands easier to use | Apache 2.0 | v2.0.2 / Dec 24, 2021
[SecresOS](https://github.com/PranavAmarnath/SecresOS) | Lightweight UI for quick interaction with the system and Internet | Apache 2.0 | 1.3 / Jun 13, 2022
[BinEd](https://bined.exbin.org/) | Binary/hexadecimal viewer/editor and component | Apache 2.0 | 0.2.1 / Oct. 31, 2021
[SpringRemote](https://github.com/HaleyWang/SpringRemote) | Tabbed remote linux SSH connections manager | MIT | 0.1.9 / Jun 12, 2022
[MooInfo](https://github.com/rememberber/MooInfo) | Visual implementation of OSHI, to view information about the system and hardware | MIT | 1.1.3 / Jul 24, 2023
[TreeLayout](http://treelayout.sourceforge.net/) | Tree Layout Algorithm in Java | BSD-3-Clause | 1.0.3 / Nov 05, 2015
[Color Picker Dialog](https://github.com/dheid/colorpicker) | Color picker that contains visual color selection and input boxes to enter RGB and HSB values manually | BSD-3-Clause | 2.0.1 / Apr 19, 2024 
[Flamegraph/Iciclegraph](https://github.com/bric3/fireplace) | [Flamegraph](https://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2927301) / Iciclegraph component | MPL-2.0 | v0.0.1-rc.4 / Jan 6, 2023
[multiline-label](https://github.com/parubok/multiline-label) | Component to display a plain, left-to-right text (single line or multiline) (Disclaimer: I'm the author of the library) | Apache 2.0 | 1.20 / Feb 10, 2024
[Sierra](https://github.com/HTTP-RPC/Sierra) | Framework for simplifying development of Java Swing applications | Apache 2.0 | 2.3 / Aug 14, 2024 
[Modern Docking](https://github.com/andrewauclair/ModernDocking) | Modern docking framework for Java Swing | MIT | 0.11.6 / Jul 06, 2024 
[Rawky](https://github.com/DeflatedPickle/Rawky) | A pixel art editor | MIT | v0.19.5.15-alpha / Apr 6, 20201
[ReflectionUI](https://github.com/dotxyteam/ReflectionUI) | Java reflection-based GUI builder/generator | MIT | 5.2.10 / Jun 19, 2023
[Swingland](https://git.sr.ht/~phlash/swingland) | Re-Implementation of Swing APIs on top of Wayland protocols. Includes a wrapper/launcher so standard Swing apps can be used without modification. | LGPL-2.1 | Source tree only / July 2024
[Buoy](https://buoy.sourceforge.net/) | UI toolkit API library. "Transparent Wrapper" around Swing with: Simplified API; Simpler, more powerful layout mechanism; Simpler and more flexible event handling and custom event listeners. | Public Domain (explicitly released by the developer) | 1.9 / May 02, 2008
<!-- TABLE_END -->
